Now that we have fully implemented ERC-721,
let's transform our star notary service into an ERC-721 token.
We'll start with a blank star notary contract.
First, we'll import the ERC-721 token contract we implemented in the previous lesson.
We'll use inheritance to say that the star notary contract is
an ERC-721 token so that it
inherent to all those methods and mappings we implemented before.
Let's write a method to create a star given a star name and its ID.
The ERC-721 token contract, however,
doesn't have any logic to hold any metadata for a token.
Let's define a struct that'll hold all additional metadata we need for a star,
which is just the name for now.
Now, we can create an instance of the star struct to hold the star name.
Notice the memory keyword here.
The memory keyword denotes that this is
a temporary variable held only in-memory and will be released after the function call.
Let's establish a relationship between the star info and its ID by
making a mapping that will map the star ID to its additional metadata.
We can now save the in-memory struct we
made in our mapping so that it's saved permanently.
Remember the mint function we implemented earlier for the ERC-721 token?
Since the star notary inherent from the ERC-721 token contract,
we can simply call it here by passing the star ID and
all that logic of creating a non-fungible token is taken care of.
All right. Now that we have a function to create a star,
let's go ahead and create a test to see if we can create a star and get its name.
We'll create a star of a specified token or star
ID and see if it's named got saved in our mapping.
Since the mapping is public,
we can access it like any other public method.
Let's see if it passes.
Great. Now, let's say if you own a star,
you might want to put it up for sale at a specified price.
So, let's go ahead and make a method for that.
That require that only one person who could put
up the star for sale is the owner of that star.
We need a mapping to denote which star are up for sale and for how much.
To save the fact that the owner of
a specified star wants to put it up for sale at a particular price,
all we have to do is make an entry in that mapping.
Next, we should allow someone to buy a star that's up for sale.
We can do that by making a buy star function that is payable,
meaning, that this function can accept funds.
First, we'll have to check that the star they're trying to buy is indeed for sale.
To do that, we can check if the price for that star is greater than zero.
Remember, zero is the default value for objects in Solidity.
So, a star that's not for sale would have a default value of zero in
that mapping even if we never explicitly put it in there in the first place.
Next, let's grab that star cost from
the mapping and let's grab the current star owner.
We need to require that the funds sent in
this transaction call are equal to or greater than
the star price and we can see from looking at the message.value.
There's no need to do anything extra for the funds to transfer,
the funds are already located to
the star notary contract at the start of this transaction.
Notice that, the star that is about to be
transferred is still associated with some state.
For example, it's still marked as for sale in our star for sale mapping and
the ERC-721 token implementation it might
have some approver who is approved to transfer it.
The new owner of that star might not want that,
so we need to clear the state associated with that star
before we transfer it by setting its values in those mappings to zero.
Okay. Great. We're now ready to transfer.
If we look at our ERC-721 token implementation,
we have a transfer from method.
However, in order to call that method,
the caller must have permission which they might not have yet,
but the rest of the logic we can use.
So, instead, let's make a transfer helper method and
consolidate this logic in an internal method without requiring permissions.
This is safe to do because internal methods can only be called within
the contract or contracts that inherit from it like our star notary service.